c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.Droid.dll.config
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.Droid.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.Droid.pdb
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.Droid.apk
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.pdb
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\Authentication.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\Authentication.Droid.dll
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\Authentication.Droid.pdb
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Authentication.Droid.apk
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\obj\Debug\Authentication.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\apchin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Authentication\Authentication\Authentication.Droid\bin\Debug\Authentication.Droid.dll.mdb
